This is a transcript of the 1982 interview with Robert Calvert done by
Tim Gadd. It was taken from the YouTube video uploaded to:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0BDGTUTItT8

Tim Gadd's notes on the interview are (from the YouTube post):

"In memory of Robert Calvert: 1945 - 1988

In 1982 I was a precocious 18 year-old who had already been broadcasting
on community FM radio for several years. I approached Robert Calvert, a
great hero of mine, and at the time recently lead singer of Hawkwind,
with the aim of producing a radio documentary about his music.

Bob sent me a 90 minute tape, which he had made at his house sometime
earlier, seemingly in response to someone else's questions, perhaps
originally intended to be transcribed into a fanzine. For whatever
reason, that didn't come about, and I ended up with the tape, which I
then used to create 'The Robert Calvert Special', a radio production
consisting of three 45 minute episodes, which originally broadcast on 7
CAE FM in Hobart Tasmania, in August 1982. A very great deal of this
material was never used in the original production however, and is made
available here for the first time.

It's very embarrassing for me now to listen back to my adolescent voice,
and I also regret the suggestion of my engineer, that we orchestrate the
thing to sound, at times, like a 'live' interview, with both Bob and
myself in the same room. As a result, I have completely excised all of
my vocal parts, and all of the music from this version. What you have
here is the complete, unedited master tape from which the special was
made. Bob wrote 'Ramblings at Dawn' on side A, and 'Further Ramblings'
on side B.

The sound quality is not outstanding. Bob was using a portable tape
recorder, with a single mic plugged into one channel. The volume levels
fluctuate considerably, and to compensate for that, I have tended to set
them a little low, as the highs are rather dramatic. Nevertheless I'm
assured it's quite acceptable as far as a spoken word recording goes. I
have used a highpass filter to eliminate some of the bass which tends to
creep into real audio files. Still, for those curious, Bob's voice is
just a little less bottom-endy than this on the original tape. You will
also find that the quality improves somewhat after the first file.

I have not edited the tape in any way at all, except to divide into
segments which seem topically discrete in one way or another. They
appear, however, in exactly the order he recorded them.

Despite my aforementioned embarressment about the original production
(copies of which are in circulation, and which you may have heard. I
assure you I subsequently developed a radio voice which I was more
pleased with :) I am glad I was an audacious teenager back in 1982,
because the product of it was the only substantial audio documentary on
Robert Calvert still in existence.

Sit back, do some downloading, and enjoy the unique pleasure of an
unfettered journey through the mind of a man who I still consider to be
one of the great un-sung geniuses of rock music.

A couple of notes: You will need a realaudio player to listen to these
files. Get one from here for free, if you don't have one already.
Secondly, the copyright situation in regards to these recordings is
somewhat clear to me. In Australia, at least, there is no performance
copyright on spoken word pieces, and interviews are regarded as the
property of the interviewer, if the subject of the interview granted
permission for the recording. However, since Bob effectively interviewed
himself, as far as I am concerned, the copyright of all of this material
resides with Bob, his next of kin or the executors of his estate. I feel
confident that I am using it in the spirit for which it was originally
intended - for broadcast. I hope you enjoy it as much as I do. "